Hey there it's Bruno again.
How's your weekend.
Hope you had a good day.
Mine was fantastic.
Hey listen we think of server side rendering.
Shall we turn our robo friends up into a server rendered app.
I'm starting to trust her judgment on things and I would love to have you make a decision for us on
this one.
Thanks appreciated.
P.S. love your outfit today.
All right.
It's time for a nother task at hand.
In this section we're going to talk about server side rendering versus client side rendering the two
ways that we can display our apps to a user.
It's a super interesting topic and something that all projects should consider if they want to be a
modern technology firm.
So let's get into it and I'll see you in the next video.